Mozajik Loader Wordpress Plugin
===============================
Mozajik Loader is a Wordpress plugin which let's you load up the Mozajik Framework within your WP blog. For more information about Mozajik, visit the framework's website at http://www.mozajik.org/

Installation
------------

To install the plugin, download the latest version and copy the folder 'mozajik' into your Worpress plugins folder.

Setup
-----

There are three options available in the Wordpress admin panel (under 'Settings') after you install the plugin:

1. Installation path - This is the full (or relative) path to your Mozajik installation.

2. Base URL - If specified, this will override the default calcultated {{baseurl}} parameter of Mozajik. This is useful when using existing templates within your Mozajik install.

3. Init controller - This is the relative URL to a Mozajik controller which will be loaded each time any page is requested in Wordpress.

Use
---

Once the plugin has been setup and loaded properly you will be able to use the following two methods in your Wordpress templates:

	/**
	 * This function can be used to load up a Mozajik controller url. Any output generated by the controller will be displayed inline.
	 * @param string $controller_url The url to the controller as relative to the baseurl of the Mozajik site.
	 * @param array $additional_parameters An array of parameters to pass over to the controller function. (optional)
	 **/
	<?php mozajik_include($controller_url = '/', $additional_parameters = false); ?>

	/**
	 * This function can be used to insert a Mozajik template file inline.
	 * @param string $template_path The path to the template relative to the view folders.
	 * @param string $block_name An optional block name which, if specified, will mean that only the given block's content will be displayed, not the entire template. (optional)
	 **/
	<?php mozajik_insert($template_path = 'base.html', $block_name = false); ?>

The Mozajik javascript files required for Mozajik-based ajax requests are also included, so you can use the usual syntax. For this to work properly, the Base URL setting must be correctly set up!